Readme Update (#11)
upbound/configuration-dbaas: README.md

# Database-as-a-service Configuration

This repository contains a [Crossplane configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages), tailored for users establishing their initial control plane with [Upbound](https://cloud.upbound.io). This configuration deploys fully managed database instances in any cloud.

## Overview

The core components of a custom API in [Crossplane](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/getting-started/introduction/) include:

- **CompositeResourceDefinition (XRD):** Defines the API's structure.
- **Composition(s):** Implements the API by orchestrating a set of Crossplane managed resources.

In this specific configuration, the database API contains:

- **an database (/apis/definition.yaml) custom resource type.**

> - **Composition of the database resources:** Configured in [/apis/composition.yaml](/apis/composition.yaml), it provisions an databaseand resources in the `upbound-system` namespace.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Compositions of the database resources:** Configured in the [/apis/](/apis/) directory, it can provision Azure or AWS database-as-a-service resources in the `upbound-system` namespace.
```

> # database Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Database-as-a-service Configuration
```
Standalone Database configurations can be found at https://github.com/upbound/configuration-aws-database , https://github.com/upbound/configuration-azure-database and https://github.com/upbound/configuration-gcp-database

This one is combining them to provide multicloud capabilities through the single abstraction.

This repository contains a [Crossplane configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages), tailored for users establishing their initial control plane with [Upbound](https://cloud.upbound.io). This configuration deploys fully managed database instances in any cloud.

## Overview

The core components of a custom API in [Crossplane](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/getting-started/introduction/) include:

- **CompositeResourceDefinition (XRD):** Defines the API's structure.
- **Composition(s):** Implements the API by orchestrating a set of Crossplane managed resources.

In this specific configuration, the database API contains:

- **an database (/apis/definition.yaml) custom resource type.**

> - **Composition of the database resources:** Configured in [/apis/composition.yaml](/apis/composition.yaml), it provisions an databaseand resources in the `upbound-system` namespace.

Reviewer: There are multiple compositions in associated subdirectories, see https://github.com/upbound/configuration-dbaas/tree/main/apis

This repository contains an Composite Resource (XR) file.

## Deployment

```shell
apiVersion: pkg.crossplane.io/v1
kind: Configuration
metadata:
  name: configuration-dbaas
spec:
  package: xpkg.upbound.io/upbound/configuration-dbaas:v0.2.0
```

## Next steps

This repository serves as a foundational step. To enhance your control plane, consider:

> 1. create new API definitions in this same repo

Reviewer: i don't think it is the goal of this repo

> 2. editing the existing API definition to your needs

Reviewer: this is not so straightforward as we have dependencies, see crossplane.yaml in this repo
